# Türkiye 🇹🇷

After a long day of travelling, Sandrine and I arrived in Istanbul around 22h.

My first impression of Istanbul : love it - the city never sleeps. To be fair, we were around Taksim square.

Our time in Turkey was short, because the places, other than Istanbul, that we wanted to visit were either cold or wet. So in the end, we spent about two weeks in Istanbul.

In that time, we visited the main sights, such as Hagia Sophia, a cathedral turned into a mosque and finally into a museum. It was quite impressive, even though it was under renovation. We also saw the Roman cistern and the blue mosque which were also under renovations. The former was worth visiting, the latter, not at all.

Topkapi palace was cool, they had relics from the prophet Mohammed, and from the 🕋 in Mecca.

We also did a Bosphorus cruise, which was cool, but made me realize that it was pretty polluted as I could see the smog on the Asian side.

Sandrine and I also visited the Grand Bazar, which is the biggest covered bazar in the world. It had loads of shops, with many options for sweatshirts, but they were all with tacky branding, and obviously fake. Thousands of sweatshirts, which Sandrine patiently helped look for, but alas, nothing I liked.

Finally, we saw the Galata tower neighbourhood which was cool, filled with hipster cafés. And the Kadıköy neighbourhood, which was my favourite, for its great vibe.

We stayed in Istanbul a few more days to obtain our visa to India and book our flight.

I’ll have to go back someday to Istanbul, to see Princess Island, and the rest of Turkey.
