# Departing in 10 days

👋 I’m Sean, and I’m going on a grand adventure. My plan is to circumnavigate the globe over the following 12 months.

In less than 10 days, as of the time of this writing, I am flying from Ottawa (🇨🇦’s capital), where I have lived for much too long now, to Frankfurt am Main. Sorry Germany, the only reason I chose you as my first destination was because of the incredibly low cost to get to Europe from this side of the "big pond" 😅.

Anyways, last week, I completed the final requirements of my Master’s degree: the thesis, and its defence. 🥳 In the end, it only took 150+ pages. (Thanks again, Herna, for guiding me through it.) I definitely struggled to finish my thesis, which constituted the major challenge of this degree. Looking back, were I to do it again, I don’t think it would take as long as it did. Travelling for a year will also present its own set of challenges, which I’ll be discovering how to deal with and hopefully overcome in the very near future.

The first was that I had not realized how much effort would have to go in to the preliminary logistics. I made a moving checklist, did my best to sell all my possessions, looked for travel insurance, changed my address, updated my travel documents, did all of my routine health checkups, and got vaccinated. I also applied for some travel credit cards, and searched for good data plans around the world. Oh, and I still have not purchased all of my travel gear… 😅

I’ll have probably spent well over $2000CAD before even leaving. 😩

As this is my first experience travelling alone, and for so long, I am somewhat nervous 😖. A year long trip, while trying to minimize my spending will mean sacrifices, including but not limited to seeing my family & friends, and a lack of comfort. While I’m not scared of staying in hostels, I’m appropriately anxious. It’ll be an interesting first experience, that I’m curious to acquire. I also look forward to the possibility of reinventing myself daily, by incorporating what I learn from previous experiences.

Having said all that, I still believe that I’m a fairly stress-free guy. My planning process for this trip somewhat reflects that. I’ve asked friends, acquaintances and strangers for recommendations of places to visit, and have pinned them on Google Maps 📌. Other than keeping a list of sites to check out (no, not internet kind), I don’t really have an itinerary in mind. To the best of my ability, I’d like to travel by pursuing opportunities as they present themselves.

There is one small requirement that I set for myself, however. That is to not reach India until it cools down sufficiently, around mid-October 🥵. That means that I have roughly four months to get to India, passing through Europe, and the Middle-East first. Of course, during my time in Europe, I hope to visit my international friends, and make lots of new ones 🙂

This trip could not have been possible without the (emotional and financial) support of my parents, friends and family. Oh, and my dual-nationality for easy access to so many visa-free destinations. I recognize how lucky and privileged I am to be able to embark on such a journey.

Finally, I dedicate this trip to the people that I’ve lost and miss dearly: uncle James, mon papy et ma mamz.

Next post: goodbyes, and departure !

###### I'm going on a cool adventure, and I don't know what's in store, time to take my backpack, then I'm heading out the door. 🎶