# Deutschland 🇩🇪

My first stop in Germany was Heidelberg. Upon arriving I got rid of my bag and walked around the old town on my own as I had missed the free walking tour. I headed to the bridge overlooking the town, walked up to the castle to get a panoramic view of the city and then headed back to the hostel. I also chatted with Jared, an American guy, for a couple of hours - that crazy dude was travelling with a regular school backpack for 3 months 🤯 As you can probably tell, I was a bit disappointed with this stop, but I also didn’t spend all that much time there.

Next stop: Nürnberg. It was a cute little town, I walked around town, saw a market square, some cute bridges, visited the castle, learned some history, and meandered through some parks installed on the ramparts. I also celebrated Alberto’s birthday with Diana (a chill Mexican dude and a Colombian chick). This was definitely a better town to be in than Heidelberg but still too small.

The next day was a travel day: I spent quite a few hours busing to Berlin ! I had booked a hostel near Alexanderplatz (the main square where the Berlin TV tower is located - which I had seen previously in the Bourne series). Unfortunately that hostel was more like a hotel and had no community vibe and didn’t make it easy meeting other travellers.

I changed hostels the next day (mostly for the price but also because it was recommended by the Broke Backpacker site).
My time in Berlin consisted of walking tours for history and street art, meeting some cool travellers, and getting a bit lost around the city.
I climbed up the Siegessäule (victory column), walked through Tiergarten, checked out Bundestag/Reichstagsgebaüde (Parliament), admired Brandenburger Tor (gate) and walked through Denkmal für die ermordeten Juden Europas (memorial for the murdered Jews of Europe), took pictures of the East Side Gallery (murals on the Berlin Wall), took part in a new memorial for the 30 years since the fall of the wall, and much, much more.

I met up with Marc, a friend from way back when I lived in Korea (we met 17 years ago) and caught up at a chill bar. It was really cool seeing him again.
I also couchsurfed with Moritz and Lysi, whom I hosted when I was in Ottawa. We chilled, watched a movie, strolled through a parc and visited a memorial, and had a drink on a busy street patio. It was an amazing chill time - a glimpse into the life of a Berliner.

I may or may not have also bought a new phone and sold my « old » one in Berlin 🙈

The one thing I didn’t get the chance to experience yet is the clubbing scene. Good thing I’ve now got reasons to come back 😊
